I want you to analyze this
snake for me.
Deep inside Ryuchi Cave, lives a
giant snake named Garaga that's
been giving me trouble.
I want you to bring Garaga's
Reverse Scale to me.
I understand. But if I bring it
back, then you'd better do what
I'm asking.
Garaga lives down in the
deepest...
harshest recesses of Ryuchi Cave
in a nest that's simply teeming
with giant snakes.
You still wanna do it?
Yeah, of course I want to!
So this, uh... "Reverse
Scale..." just what is it
anyway?
I've heard that it's a scale on
the underside of a dragon's chin
that grows in the opposite...
direction than the rest...
You guys know the old saying,
don't you? If you touch that
scale....
you incur the dragon's wrath!
I know, but... do snakes even
have scales like that?
This place is called "Ryuchi,"
which means "land of dragons."
So I wouldn't be surprised if
the giant snake that lives
here has one.
That's right, during the class
back at the Academy...
...Konohamaru Sensei summoned
that weird, gigantic frog. You
guys remember?
Maybe this is
like that.
So does that mean that we're
gonna be up against a weird
snake...
like that frog or something?
[nervous chuckles]
(BORUTO) C'mon you guys... It's
no big deal!
[gasps]
This is all just like a video
game.
You take down a monster boss and
you get a special item. That's
it! Done!
You're awfully nonchalant about
all this...!
But, Boruto...
We still have to actually find
this Garaga, remember? Or we
won't be able to move forward.
Yeah! Sure! Let's get it real
quick and clear this level.
It'll be a snap!
And then we'll find Mitsuki and-
[gasp] Wait, look!
What is all this?!
[worried groans]
Was this track really made by a
snake?
Isn't it way too big for that?
I mean, if a snake made this,
then it's ridiculously big...
Hold on, don't tell me this
is Garaga's...
Uhhh...
Huh?!
[nervous groans]
What is all this?! What happened
here?! Doesn't it look like
something went completely wild?
[sigh] Remember what the White
Snake Sage said...
A long time ago during a battle,
Garaga was unfortunate enough to
lose one of his eyes.
Ever since then, he's been a
real pest that flies into a rage
all over the place.
He needs to be taught a serious
lesson, or it'll be hopeless.
This Garaga... definitely seems
to be one tough snake.
[nervous gasps]
What's this? A stone staircase?!
[grunt]
Ah! He's here, he's here!
Ahhh! Omph!
You okay?!
[pain groan] Ow...
[gasps]
(BORUTO) What are those? Who
put them all here?
There's more over here, too!
Why are there so many statues of
snakes?
Aw man, they sure scared me!
Alright, c'mon, let's go.
Wait, hold on a minute! Doesn't
all this feel really creepy, you
guys?
Huh...? What is this...?
Huh?!
Oh, wait a second... It's just a
wall!
Hold on! This wasn't here just a
minute ago...
Yeah, you're right. I've got a
bad feeling about this...
[gasps]
[gasp]
What's going on?! What is
this?!
[gasps]
It can't be...!
[gasps and nervous groans]
[nervous groan] Wha-?! No! No
way! Ahhh!
[growl]
[nervous groans]
[growling]
He's missing an eye!
[hissing]
He's gonna attack! Damn!
We're gonna have to fight it!
[hissing and grunts]
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu!
[growl]
[chuckle]
[roar]
Whoa!
[grunt] It's not working! He's
just too big!
[hissing]
That's it! That's the Reverse
Scale!
[hissing]
[grunt]
[pained grunt and groan]
[pained grunts and groans]
[hissing]
Sarada! Get back!
[nervous squeal]
Sarada!
[grunt]
[hissing]
[gasp]
(CHO-CHO) Sarada, over here!
Huh?
[hissing]
Whoa! Who'd have thought
there'd be another one...?!
What do we do?!
There's no choice. We gotta
retreat!
Not gonna argue with that one!
[hissing]
(MOEGI) I've just returned.
Moegi... You mean that you've
come back alone?
Well, you see... Shikadai and
the others on my team ended up
going with Boruto...
[groans]
They left this behind for me.
Hm...?
I see...
So, he went along with them...
Huh?
I don't have any doubt that
Shikadai's come to the same
conclusions that we have...
about this case.
After finding Boruto, he must've
learned something that bothered
him about Mitsuki's departure...
And that's why he went
with Boruto.
But what did he discover that
bothered him?
I'm afraid I don't know what it
was...
[groans]
He's finally stabilizing now.
[pained groans]
Hm... Based on his condition,
he should regain consciousness
soon.
Hm?
Hey, Yurito...
Yes, what is it?
I have a report intended for
Lord Seventh.
So take this to Lord Seventh?
Sure thing, Sakura!
Uh... You don't have to rush
you know?!
Okay!
Hmph... The chunin that were
attacked are still unconscious.
We'd better get some fresh intel
soon...
Because I won't be able to hold
off those two advisors for very
much longer.
I'm sorry about all this.
Thanks, Granny Tsunade.
Under normal circumstances, this
issue could put the Hokage's
position at risk...
But thanks to you keeping the
elders at bay...
we've managed to avoid creating
unnecessary chaos for the
village.
Ugh... Damn it! Just put
yourself in my place, hearing
them complain...
I don't think that I'm ever
gonna hear the end of it!
Excuse me!
Ah... What do you need, Yurito?
Sakura just asked me to bring
this report to you.
I see. Thank you!
I'd better get back now.
Hmmm...
Finally! A little good news.
Hm?
One of the chunin should be
awake soon.
[gasps]
Maybe now we'll be able to get
some details about the way
Mitsuki left the village.
Let's hope.
Ino already looked into his
memories right up to the point
where he got knocked...
unconscious.
But we should be able to get
some more clues by talking to
him directly.
Alright... I wonder what kind of
info we'll find...
Who knew that snake was gonna be
so big?!
How can we get the Reverse Scale
now?! With two of them, it's
just impossible!
Hmmm...
[sigh]
Hm?
What is it, Sarada? What's the
matter?
Huh? Well...
Hm...?
It's just that blue snake
before...
I got the feeling it was trying
to protect me or something...
[chuckle] Aw...Come on, there's
just no way!
I mean, monsters like that don't
have any kind of conscience or
anything.
Yeah, you're right...
Anyway, we've gotta think of a
way to get that Reverse Scale.
[gasps] What-?!
No way!
Oh no! It's here!
Oh, man! Just what we need-
Wait!
Hey! Sarada...?!
So did you...
...really protect me...
...during that fight?
Hey, hold on!
[gasps]
(AODA) You are...
[gasp]
(AODA) ...Lady Sarada, I
presume?
I wondered when the day would
come that I'd finally meet you.
My name is Aoda. I am a
Summoning Snake who has pledged
loyalty to Lord Sasuke.
To my Dad?!
It's a talking snake!
Not only that, but he's super
polite!
Uh... Eh...
[hissing] Aoda, you piece of
trash! You've got some nerve
getting in my way!
I'll kill any human that comes
near me... no matter who it
might be!
[hissing]
Ah, so you must acquire Garaga's
Reverse Scale to find this
youth, Mitsuki?
Huh? What's the matter?
I was just thinking that
ordinary methods won't work...
Yeah, we know, believe me! So
could you help us, Aoda?
C'mon! Are you sure about doing
this?
Let down our guard, and this guy
might just bite all our heads
off when we're not looking.
Surely you jest. I have no
interest whatsoever in eating
humans.
[chuckle]
Uhhh... You heard that?!
I'd like to ask you something...
Hm?
I can see that you don't have a
Reverse Scale.
So does that mean that Garaga
is the only snake who has one,
then?
No. But snakes with a
violent temperament like Garaga
usually do.
They become obedient once their
Reverse Scale has been taken.
Lady Sarada, it's too dangerous
to continue this fool's errand.
I believe it's best not to
engage Garaga.
Huh? But why?
He's dangerous. What other
reason do you need?
All the snakes who live here in
Ryuchi Cave despise him. None of
them will go near him.
You see? Snakes are snakes,
after all. They're nothing but
trouble, I mean--!
Whoa!
How rude! [snort]
I shall escort you to the exit,
And I shall protect you until
you reach the Leaf Village.
Wait, Aoda, please! I already
explained to you why we can't
go home just yet.
Hm?
Listen, please help us! There's
no choice! We have to get
Garaga's Reverse Scale somehow!
Lady Sarada...
What's the matter, Shikamaru?
Hm?
I uh...
I was just thinking through some
things.
Hm...
(SHIKAMARU)
Shikadai must've figured
something out on his own.
That has to be why he went with
Boruto...
And yet, based on the chunin
guard's memories...
everything we know points
to Mitsuki being guilty.
Yeah, I know. That's why I'm
working off that assumption in
my orders to the shinobi.
But still, I wonder... What if
Mitsuki truly is being targeted
by somebody?
What do you believe would happen
then?
Mitsuki's origin is a highly
classified secret in the Leaf.
It's known to only a few of us.
Just what are you saying?
(SHIKAMARU) Access to that
data...
...is limited to those
authorized to freely enter this
room. That's it.
Hm?!
[chattering]
I wonder if Boruto and Sarada
are going to be able to return
safely...
The village is under a strict
watch. If we leave without
authorization...
then we'll end up being labeled
as Rogue Ninja.
[quivering] So if we're caught
by the trackers, then are we
gonna be killed?
Hey, come on, now. I'm sure
they wouldn't go as far as
all that.
He's right. We'd just be brought
back here and punished, wouldn't
we?
Sumire... what's the matter?
I was just wondering if there's
anything at all that we might be
able to do.
[sighs and groans]
It's definitely frustrating...
What is, Iwabe...?
I just mean that... I feel like
leaving the village right now to
go and help...
But, I can't...
[gasp]
Because our mission's to stay
here and guard the village.
If someone attacked the guards
at the gate, who knows what else
could happen...
Yeah, you're right.
I guess we just have to focus on
our mission right now.
[sighs]
Don't worry you guys! Boruto and
the others will handle all this!
Right, Sumire?
That's right! I'm sure they
will!
Well... I'm going home to
change, so I'll leave it to you
for now.
Right! I understand!
[heavy breathing]
You forget something? Oh, hey,
Yurito!
Where did Sakura go?
She just left. Didn't you see
her on your way in?
Mh-m.
You wanna leave a message?
No, thanks. It's okay. Hey, I
heard that he might be waking up
sometimes soon.
It'd be great if he could give
us new information.
(MEDICAL NINJA) Yeah, I hope so.
Everyone is so on edge! It'd be
great to resolve all this soon.
Well... sorry to have
bothered you.
No! Thanks for providing
security, Yurito!
Oh!
Hey, Hinata! You here to see
Naruto?
Yes... I just brought him a
change of clothes.
Oh... I was going home to get a
change of clothes, too!
Seems like I'm gonna be here
for a while longer...
[sigh]
Hinata?
Sakura... I'm so sorry...
It's Boruto's fault that
Sarada's involved in all this.
[gasp]
When they're brought back, she's
going to be punished for it, as
well...
Sarada's responsible for her own
actions. You don't have to worry
about that kinda stuff.
Sakura...!
They're both full-fledged ninja
now.
They're completely aware they're
putting their rank as genin on
the line.
[gasp] You're right...
They left the village fully
aware of the consequences they
might face.
Unfortunately, all that we can
really do now is hope that
they'll return safely.
But really!... Where are they
now? And what are they doing?
Let me be clear that I will only
cooperate when Lady Sarada
gives me an order.
I am in no way your ally.
Oh, yeah, is that right? Well,
whatever... I just hope you
got our strategy down.
Hey, Boruto!
Sorry about that!
It's fine. I just wonder what
Lord Sasuke would have to say
about this...
The keys to this whole strategy
are going to be Cho-Cho, Boruto,
and you, Aoda.
I'm counting on you guys.
[agreement reactions]
Alright, let's go!
Heh?!
[growl]
[grunt]
Bring it on, big guy!
Huh?! Who are you? Eh, whatever,
doesn't matter!
Huh?! What?!
Seriously?!
[straining] I-I can't breathe...
Ninja Art: Super Beast Scroll!
Aggghhh!
You think you got me? Well,
guess what? I'll still crush
you!
[hissing and biting]
[straining]
Aggghhh!
[straining] You fool... A jutsu
like that won't work on me!
Hmph!
Let me go! [struggling]
[straining]
No way!
If the three of us could hold
him down for a while, we can
buy them some time.
Go get him, you two!
[straining]
You got it Shikadai!
On it!
(Boruto) Yes! I can get it!
[straining]
Ahhh!
[grunt]
You've got this, Sarada?!
[grunt] I've got it! [heavy
breathing]
You think you can come in here
and mess with me on my own
turf?
[gasp]
I've had enough! Back off, you
hear me?! Ahhh!
[gasp] What is-?! Yuck, how
gross!
Uh...!
[nervous groans]
[gasps]
[grunt and gasp]
[grunts]
[roar]
[pained roar]
Cho-Cho!
[gasp]
[growl]
You bastard! How dare yo do that
to Cho-Cho!
I'm gonna grind you all up...
into little pieces!
[hissing]
[grunt]
(SARADA) Garaga! How dare you do
that to Cho-Cho! You're gonna
pay for that!
(GARAGA) Huh?! I'll turn all of
you to stone too! You're all
fools! [hissing]
(BORUTO) Damn it. There's no
chance I'm gonna run away and
leave things unfinished!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "A Fierce Enemy:
Garaga's Ferocious Attack!"
Just wait! I'm gonna take your
Reverse Scale!